Skip to content
Jobsdb
Job search
People search
Career advice
Companies
Community
English
Sign in
Employer site
Java Analyst Programmer / Senior Analyst Programmer
Automated Systems (HK) Ltd 
View all jobs
Hong Kong SAR
Developers/Programmers (Information & Communication Technology)
Full time
Add expected salary to your profile for insights
Posted 8d ago
Quick apply
Save

Job Duties:

Develop, enhance, and test applications;

Work with the team to develop and maintain web application/ backend system

Provide system support and maintain;

Work closely with senior developers and/or system analysts on system implementation.
 

Requirements:

2+ year or above relevant experience;

Less experiences candidate will also be considered;

Bachelor holder or above in computer science or IT related discipline;

Experience in:


Java, Spring Boot, React.js or;

DevOps, CI/CD 

Strong sense of responsibility and eager to learn;

Good team player with good interpersonal and communication skills;

Good command of written and spoken English, and Cantonese.




Unlock job insights
Hirer responsiveness
Salary match
Number of applicants
Sign In
Register
Employer questions
Your application will include the following questions:
How many years' experience do you have as a Java Analyst Programmer?
Which of the following statements best describes your right to work in Hong Kong?
What's your expected monthly basic salary?
Which of the following front end development libraries and frameworks are you proficient in?
Which of the following languages are you fluent in?
Company profile
Automated Systems (HK) Ltd 
Information Technology Services
1,001-5,000 employees

Automated Systems (H.K.) Limited (ASL) has a distinguished and proud reputation of more than 50 years of successful business in Hong Kong.

We have subsidiaries and associates in a number of locations, including Hong Kong, mainland China, Taiwan, Macau, Thailand, Singapore, Malaysia, Europe and the United States.

Since our founding in 1973 and our subsequent public listing on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited in 1997 under the name of Automated Systems Holdings Limited (“The ASL Group”) (HKEx stock code: 771), we are well recognized as a leading unified technology services partner for organizations of all sizes and across all industries.

Automated Systems (H.K.) Limited (ASL) has a distinguished and proud reputation of more than 50 years of successful business in Hong Kong.

We have subsidiaries and associates in a number of locations, including Hong Kong, mainland China, Taiwan, Macau, Thailand, Singapore, Malaysia, Europe and the United States.

Since our founding in 1973 and our subsequent public listing on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited in 1997 under the name of Automated Systems Holdings Limited (“The ASL Group”) (HKEx stock code: 771), we are well recognized as a leading unified technology services partner for organizations of all sizes and across all industries.

Show more⁠
More about this c